c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\GestionMarket.exe.config
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\GestionMarket.exe
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\GestionMarket.pdb
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\obj\Debug\GestionMarket.Articles.resources
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\obj\Debug\GestionMarket.Connexion.resources
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\obj\Debug\GestionMarket.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\obj\Debug\GestionMarket.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\obj\Debug\GestionMarket.exe
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\obj\Debug\GestionMarket.pdb
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\ZstdNet.dll
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.Streams.dll
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.dll
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\K4os.Hash.xxHash.dll
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\obj\Debug\GestionMarket.Categories.resources
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\obj\Debug\GestionMarket.Vendeurs.resources
c:\users\chacal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
C:\Users\Chacal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\obj\Debug\GestionMarket.Factures.resources
C:\Users\Chacal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\obj\Debug\GestionMarket.FacturationForm.resources
C:\Users\Chacal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\obj\Debug\GestionMarket.csproj.GestionMarket.exe.config
C:\Users\Chacal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GestionMarket\GestionMarket\obj\Debug\GestionMarket.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
